README.md, before:

# Extreme Programming

- Preface

## Chapter 1 - Extreme Programming   
`XP is a discipline of software development with values of simplicity, communication, feedback and courage. We focus on the roles of customer, manages and programer and accord key rights and responsibilities to those in those roles.`
- The Customer Role
- The Programmer Role
- The Manager Role

### Rights/Responsibilities  
----
`XP is validation-centric rather than Product-centric`
- Are we developing the right software?   
`Analysis and Validation`
- Are we developing the software right?  
`Design and Construction`

## Chapter 2 - Circle of Life
```
An XP project succeeds when the customers select business value to be implmented, based on the team's seasured ability to deliver functionality over time
```

define -> estimate -> choose -> build -> repeate

## Chapter 3 - On-site Customer
```
An XP project needs a full-time ustomer to provide guidance.
```
- Requirements - User stories
- Communication is the key

- On-site customers do real work
- If the customers can't be there 
  - represent them locally
  - get them at least for the planning
  - visit the customer
  - deliver frequently to the customer 
  - expect missunderstanding and prepare for them

##Chapter 4 - User Stories

Commit message:

Chapter 4- User Stories, how to define and use them in the project

README.md, after:

# Extreme Programming

- Preface

## Chapter 1 - Extreme Programming   
`XP is a discipline of software development with values of simplicity, communication, feedback and courage. We focus on the roles of customer, manages and programer and accord key rights and responsibilities to those in those roles.`
- The Customer Role
- The Programmer Role
- The Manager Role

### Rights/Responsibilities  
----
`XP is validation-centric rather than Product-centric`
- Are we developing the right software?   
`Analysis and Validation`
- Are we developing the software right?  
`Design and Construction`

## Chapter 2 - Circle of Life
`
An XP project succeeds when the customers select business value to be implmented, based on the team's seasured ability to deliver functionality over time
`

define -> estimate -> choose -> build -> repeate

## Chapter 3 - On-site Customer
`
An XP project needs a full-time ustomer to provide guidance.
`
- Requirements - User stories
- Communication is the key

- On-site customers do real work
- If the customers can't be there 
  - represent them locally
  - get them at least for the planning
  - visit the customer
  - deliver frequently to the customer 
  - expect missunderstanding and prepare for them

## Chapter 4 - User Stories
`Define requirements with stories written on cards.`

## Chapter 5 - Acceptance Tests
